= My dotfiles

These are my personal dotfiles.  They setup an environment the way I like it.

== Installation

Run these commands

  git clone git://github.com/kelredd/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  gem install bundler
  bundle update
  bundle exec rake install

Add this to your ~/.bash_profile or ~/.bashrc or whatever:

  # source in dotfiles
  if [ -f ~/.bash_dotfiles ]; then
      . ~/.bash_dotfiles
  fi

== Environment

I am running on Mac OS X, bash.

== Features

* aliases
* fancy ps1 with pwd, ruby**, and git info
* configs for git, gem, irb, pry, rbcmd**, etc...
* git completion
* gem completion**
* rake completion
* cap completion (TODO)

- ** requires install of ruby-build, rbenv, and rbcmd (https://github.com/kelredd/rb)

=== Projects access

TODO:
I place all of my projects in ~/projects, so this directory
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "p" command.

  p gith<tab>

=== Home dir access

TODO:
There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the
home path.

  h Mu<tab>

== Other configuration settings

These dotfiles will never tamper with your main settings files (~/.bash_profile or
~/.bashrc or whatever).  If you want additional settings that need to be
secure, private, or specific to one system, add or source them in your
settings file as you would normally.  These dotfiles are just sourced
alongside them.

== Enjoy!

I modify these at will without notice so things might get broken.  Use accordingly and don't blame me when stuff breaks.  It's probably best to fork this and install using your fork.

== Contributing

Feel free to submit any pull requests suggesting cool new settings or things I may not be aware of.  Please don't submit anything to the issues tracker - I most likely will ignore it.

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Kelly Redding

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
